fix(ins): content review and update (#2783)
scaleway/docs-content: developer-tools/scaleway-sdk/go-sdk.mdx

## Further resources

For further information about the Scaleway Go SDK, refer to the [offical SDK repository](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-sdk-go).

> Additional documentation is available on [GoDoc](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/scaleway/scaleway-sdk-go?tab=doc) and Scaleway's [developer website](https://developers.scaleway.com/). These resources include API documentation and various examples for different use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional documentation is available on [GoDoc](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/scaleway/scaleway-sdk-go#readme-documentation) and Scaleway's [developer website](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/). These resources include API documentation and various examples for different use cases.
```
